It was all started when the list of the students selected for Company training programme​ was displayed on the notice board.Some were happy and some felt sad about not being selected.

It was our first day at company .We were traveling through the bus to their premises. woow..!!What a building it is! They are the words come out from us firstly :D.We were so excited to go inside and join them to know more. They welcomed us very respectfully .We were delighted. We come to know about How actually the corporate life is? How this company is different from all other banks ? And much more. It was a very wonderful experience. We have done lot of new things like waking up so early in the morning and coming late at night which we in engineering rarely do ;)

Then the actual main part that is learning part started with basics of Banking , communication skills,security and much more. We were enjoying each and every session including those short breaks there when we used to click selfies ,chat with our mentor and have our refreshments .There are countless memories we gathered , experienced, cherished. Among which the third day was awesome in which we played the pizza game as well as the games organised for that company employees on occasion of Christmas.

At the fourth day ,We got surprised when they announced that we have to do a project implementing the knowledge gathered from the 4 days. We were little scared by hearing it.(As we are in the third year we don't know much about projects). Getting the project was also the fun part where we had to randomly select a cheat from the bowl and solve the puzzle .We were given the three equations with four variables which we have to solve (and obviously the fourth equation was 1+2+3+4=10).The group next to us was not able to solve and they said "it is not possible to solve that equation" , hahaha… All the class fall into laughter after hearing that.Finally the mystery of problem statement were declared and we got project no 2 where we have to built a trade recommendation system based on the market cap . We asked our mentors so many questions. At that moment, we were very nervous. What is it basically? which things you should keep in mind while doing it? How to get started? how to implement it? and what not. So many questions were roaming in our minds. Which was solved by our mentors later. They were so helpful .We got a good guidance from them.

Sunday 18/12/16, the day when we started our project. Can we really do it? From where to start? How to start? So many questions were roaming in our mind .Thinking of what we did so far in our engineering? Do we really have some knowledge? Can we actually complete it? But after spending couple of hours we had gotten an idea on how we were going to start . Made the flow chart ,ER-Diagram ,downloaded the required softwares and just did the basic stuff that day. It was a stressful day .The next week we started searching the tutorials for different technologies or more precisely languages and collecting the info we will need afterwards .At some point we got so much info and got confused on how to do it. We also made conference video call to the mentor to decrease our confusion. We have experienced lots of ups and downs during our project.Many a times we got stuck and don't know what to do next.Then we have to talk to our mentors to bring our train back to platform. We had used wrong approach in fetching data previously but after time we overcome that. "We learn from FAILURE not from SUCCESS " this quote was proving again and again .

We were experiencing the team work .how to adjust with the group?how to distribute our work? How we will get fast and easy solution while working in team? How to work on an idea? And most importantly How to use Google at its best? We got to learn lot many new technologies like AngularJs , Maven, MVC and test classes (Junits) and most importantly stock market basics with which we were not much familiar previously.

They are many people which helped us from understanding the basics of stock market to implementing and building our project. Special thanks to our mentors which helped us a lot. Without them it was impossible to do it.

We finally had completed with our project and only documentation and preparation for the presentation is left out part. And the journey of our life began!! With so much of hopes.

Let's see what happens on Monday 21/01/17

